Asia Deal Hub Expert Terms and Conditions

To apply for Expert Registration, you must agree to the Asia Deal Hub Expert Terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"). You are required to agree to the Asia Deal Hub Expert Terms and Conditions (hereinafter referred to as "Terms and Conditions").
By starting to use this site, you agree to these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please be sure to read these Terms and Conditions in their entirety before agreeing to them.

I.	Adoption
Asia Deal Hub Expert Terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") Ltd., its subsidiaries and affiliates (hereinafter referred to as the "Company"), and any person who agrees to these Terms and Conditions and registers on the Company's platform and provides knowledge to the Service (hereinafter referred to as an "Expert"). Ltd., its subsidiaries and affiliates (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") and those who agree to these Terms and Conditions, register on the Company's platform, and provide their knowledge to the Service (hereinafter referred to as "Experts"). The purpose of this Agreement is to set forth the rights and obligations between the Company and the Expert (hereinafter referred to as the "Expert"), and shall apply to all relationships between the Expert and the Company with respect to the tools provided by the Company and the services for registering on the platform and conducting knowledge provision transactions (hereinafter referred to as the "Services"). (hereinafter referred to as the "Expert"), and shall apply to all relationships between the Expert and the Company.
Rules, notes, user guides, notices, FAQs, etc. posted on our website from time to time regarding the use of the Service constitute a part of these Terms of Use.

II.	Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right to change these Terms and Conditions at any time at our discretion.
In the event of any modification of the Terms of Use, the Company will post the modified Terms of Use and the effective date on the Company's website.
The amended Terms and Conditions shall take effect from the time the amended Terms and Conditions become effective.
If an Expert provides his/her knowledge after the posting of the amended Terms and Conditions on the Company's website, the Expert shall be deemed to have agreed to such amendment.

III.	Definition.
Client" means a legal entity or individual who seeks information, knowledge, experience, advice, etc. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Knowledge") regarding a business or other matter through the Service. "Client" means a corporation or individual who seeks information, knowledge, experience, advice, etc. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Knowledge") through the Service.
Knowledge Provision Transaction" means a transaction in which an Expert provides his/her knowledge to a client, corporation or us who seeks knowledge through any means, including face-to-face meetings, teleconferences, videoconferences, written documents, messages, responses to questionnaires, etc., and includes spot consulting (hourly knowledge provision transaction).
Gratuity, etc." means a gratuity paid by the Company after the Expert completes the provision of the Findings.

IV.	Expert Registration
Only he/she can apply for registration as an expert.
An Expert shall apply for registration with the Company by entering his/her name (real name), contact information, areas of expertise, career/activity record and other information required for the selection and maintenance of registration of Experts on the Service (hereinafter referred to as "Expert Registration Information").
In the course of reviewing and maintaining the registration, we may request the submission of official documents for the purpose of verifying the authenticity of the information in the Expert Registration.


For the purpose of providing or guiding the Service, the Company may provide all or part of the Expert Registration Information to the Client and persons who wish to become or are considering becoming the Client.
However, the Expert Registration Information shall be provided only to those who have pledged to keep the provided Expert Registration Information confidential and not to provide it to any third party without the prior consent of the Expert.

The Company shall, at its sole discretion, determine whether or not to provide the information as set forth in the preceding paragraph. The Company shall not be liable for any loss or damage incurred by the Experts as a result of the provision of the information in a reasonable manner. The Company shall not be liable for any loss or damage incurred by the Experts due to the failure to provide the Expert Registration Information.

The Company may terminate the Expert Registration in the event of any of the following events
1. If you have violated these Terms of Use or have had your membership in this service revoked in the past
2. When there is a possibility of violation of these Terms and Conditions
3.When it is found that there is false information in the registration information
4. Other cases in which the Company deems an individual member to be inappropriate.

If an Expert wishes to delete his/her registration information, he/she shall follow the prescribed procedure.
 However, if the said Expert falls under any of the following circumstances, he/she may not withdraw from the membership during the period in which he/she is in such circumstances. In addition, we may contact the relevant Expert to confirm the status of the case, etc. after the deletion of the registration information.
1. When the implementation of a Knowledge Provision Transaction has not been completed
2. In the event that the payment or receipt of rewards, etc., for a transaction for the provision of knowledge has not been completed.

The Expert shall notify the Company without delay of any change in the registered information and shall change the registered information to the latest information or report to the Company.

V.	Knowledge Transfer
1. The Company shall accept from the Client the opportunity to receive knowledge by means of interview coordination or other methods, and in order to fulfill such request, the Company shall request the Expert to provide knowledge to the Client. The Expert shall provide his/her knowledge in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and the method determined by the Company.
2. The contract regarding the Knowledge Provision Transaction between the Company and the Expert shall come into effect when the Expert accepts the details of the Knowledge Provision Transaction (including, but not limited to, the method of the Knowledge Provision Transaction, the amount of the reward, the date and time of implementation and the period of the Knowledge Provision Transaction) shared by the Company. (including, but not limited to, the method of the transaction, the amount of the reward, the date and time of implementation, and the period of the transaction).
The Expert may not withdraw his/her consent, terminate the Agreement or discontinue the provision of Knowledge after the conclusion of the Agreement for the Knowledge Provision Transaction unless the Expert has obtained prior consent from the Company.
4. Upon completion of the provision of knowledge by the Expert, the Company shall pay to the Expert a gratuity separately agreed upon between the Company and the Expert in consideration for the provision of knowledge. The Expert acknowledges, understands and agrees that the Company may receive and process the gratuity from the Client on behalf of the Expert.

VI.	Accrual of gratuities and method of payment
1. In consideration for the provision of knowledge, we shall pay to the Expert a gratuity separately agreed upon between us and the Expert.
2. With reference to the date of completion of the provision of the Expert's knowledge, the Company shall pay the gratuities for the current month by the last day of each month as the closing date by remittance to the bank account designated by the Expert by the last day of the following month (if the said date falls on a non-business day of the bank, the next business day shall be the date of payment). (If such date falls on a non-business day of the bank, the payment shall be made on the following business day.
The Expert shall bear and handle any and all taxes imposed on the Expert in connection with the receipt of rewards and the provision of knowledge in the Service at the Expert's expense and responsibility, and the Company shall not be liable for any such taxes.
4. Failure to designate a valid bank account for the transfer of funds within one month from the date of completion of the provision of the findings, despite our notification, shall be deemed to be a waiver of the expert's right to receive payment of the rewards.

VII.	Tax Treatment
Expert shall be responsible for his/her own tax treatment in accordance with the tax laws of Japan and any other countries to which tax obligations apply.

VIII.	Handling of Personal Information
1. The Expert shall recognize the importance of protecting personal information and shall comply with the Personal Information Protection Law and related guidelines, in addition to these Terms and Conditions, when handling personal information.
2. The Expert shall not use the Client's information obtained through the Services for any purpose other than providing the findings of the Services .


IX.	duty of confidentiality
1. The term "Confidential Information" as used herein shall mean any and all information relating to technical, business, operational, financial, organizational or other matters provided to or disclosed by the Client or the Company in writing, orally or by recorded media, or otherwise obtained by the Expert. However, (1) information that was or had become generally known to the public at the time of the provision or disclosure or at the time the information was acquired, (2) information that became public knowledge through publications or other means after the provision or disclosure or acquisition for reasons not attributable to the Company, or (3) information that is subject to a duty of confidentiality from a third party authorized to provide or disclose the information. (3) acquired legally without obligation of confidentiality from a third party authorized to provide or disclose the information, (4) developed independently without the use of confidential information, and (5) confirmed in writing that confidentiality is not required, shall be excluded from the scope of confidential information.
The Expert shall use the Confidential Information solely for the purpose of providing knowledge in the Services and shall not provide, disclose or divulge the Confidential Information to any third party (including any company or organization to which the Expert belongs) without written consent from the Client or the Company. The Expert shall not provide, disclose or divulge the Confidential Information to any third party (including companies or organizations to which the Expert belongs) without written consent from the Client or the Company.
Notwithstanding Paragraph 2 above, the Expert may disclose the Confidential Information in accordance with any order, demand or request of any law, regulation, court or governmental agency. However, in the event of such order, request or demand, the Expert shall promptly notify the Company thereof.
4.The Expert shall obtain the prior written consent of the Client or the Company before reproducing any document or magnetic recording medium, etc. containing Confidential Information, and shall strictly manage the reproduction in accordance with this Article.
Whenever requested by the Client or the Company, the Expert shall return or destroy the Confidential Information and any documents or other recorded media containing or containing the Confidential Information and all copies thereof in accordance with the Client's or the Company's instructions without delay.
6. Any agreement between the Expert and the Client (including any agreement between the Expert and the Client, regardless of its name, which stipulates that the Expert shall maintain the information provided by the Client as confidential). (This includes any agreement between the Expert and the Client, regardless of its name, that stipulates that the Expert shall keep confidential the information provided by the Client.) ) between the Expert and the Client, such agreement shall prevail over the provisions of this Article with respect to the relationship between the Expert and the Client.

X.	Exclusion of Antisocial Forces
Expert represents and warrants to the Company that
1. Not be a member of anti-social forces such as organized crime groups, companies affiliated with organized crime groups, or general assemblymen (hereinafter collectively referred to as "anti-social forces"). 2. not be a member of an anti-social force, such as a crime syndicate, a company affiliated with a crime syndicate, or a general meeting house.
2. The company does not cooperate or participate in the maintenance and operation of antisocial forces, such as providing funds or benefits to antisocial forces.
3. Not have any socially reprehensible relationship with antisocial forces themselves.

XI.	prohibited activity
Expert shall not engage in any of the following acts with respect to the Services
1. Any act that infringes on the rights of the client, the Company, or any third party
 a. Infringing the property rights, intellectual property rights, copyrights, privacy rights, name rights, portrait rights, honor, or any other rights or interests of the Client, the Company, other Experts, or any third party
 b. Actions that violate confidentiality obligations, such as leaking company secrets, etc.
 c. Violating the internal rules and regulations of the company or trade association to which you belong

2. Any action that interferes with the proper implementation of services
 a. Providing false or inaccurate information
 (a) Making another person use one's own name, impersonating another person, or registering under multiple names, providing knowledge, or otherwise misusing one's registered name.
 c. Transferring to a third party the right to participate in a knowledge provision transaction established through the Service without obtaining the prior written consent of the Company
 d. Conducting a knowledge provision transaction directly with a client despite having met through this service

3. Any action that interferes with our business
 a. Actions that cause trouble with our system or this service by sending viruses, unauthorized access, etc. Actions that cause problems with our system or the provision of this service by sending viruses, unauthorized access, etc.
 b. Other acts that interfere with the Services or our business, or damage our credibility

4. Use that is different from the original purpose
 a. Offering or soliciting information containing political or religious ideas
 b. Actions that fall under network businesses, pyramid schemes, pyramid schemes, or acts of solicitation for such schemes (including fake sites, phishing sites, etc.), product sales, or dating services, or acts of solicitation for such services.
 c. Corruption as defined in the Japanese Penal Code or other anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws in other countries (e.g., the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, etc.), where the person improperly gives or receives money or goods to gain or retain business for the company, or improperly influencing the judgment or decision of a government official acting in an official capacity by providing money or goods to that official.

5. Actions that violate laws and ordinances, public order and morals, or are related to criminal activities, or have the potential to be so.
6. Other activities that the Company deems inappropriate.

XII.	Deletion of registration
If the Company deems that an Expert falls under any of the following items, the Company may terminate the registration of such Expert without any notice to the Expert
1. In case of violation of these Terms and Conditions
2. If a person whose registration has been previously cancelled or who has refused to use the service has registered
3. If you do not respond to our request for improvement, etc.
4. If you do not respond for a reasonable period of time despite our attempts to contact you at your registered contact address.
5. In any other case in which we deem it inappropriate for you to continue your registration as an expert of the Service.

XIII.	Interruption, suspension or termination of service
The Company reserves the right to suspend or terminate the Service without prior notice to Experts in the event of any of the following events
1. System maintenance related to this service
2. When this service cannot be provided due to force majeure such as power outage, fire, or natural disaster
3. Other cases in which the Company deems it necessary
In addition, the Company reserves the right to change or terminate the Service without prior notice.

XIV.	Our Non-warranty and Disclaimer
The information provided by Experts and Clients in the Service is based on the responsibility and judgment of Experts and Clients, and we make no warranty as to its accuracy, legality, or validity.
2. Even if an Expert obtains any information directly or indirectly from the Company regarding the Service, the Company's website, a Client, other Experts of the Service or any other matters, the Company shall not make any guarantee to the Expert beyond what is stipulated in these Terms and Conditions. The Company shall not make any warranty to the Expert beyond what is stipulated in these Terms and Conditions.
3. We do not guarantee in any way that the provision of knowledge or other acts by the Expert will conform to the laws and regulations applicable to the Expert, internal rules of industry associations, employment regulations, or the like.
4. We do not guarantee that transactions in which experts provide their knowledge will not infringe on the rights of third parties or be illegal in any way.
5. Experts shall be responsible for handling and resolving any transactions, communications, disputes, etc. with third parties, and we shall not be liable for any such matters.
6. We shall not be liable for any damages incurred by the Expert in connection with the Service.
7. The Company shall not be liable to compensate any Expert for any interruption, suspension, termination, inability to use or change the Service, deletion or loss of the Expert's information, cancellation of Expert registration, loss of data, breakdown or damage to equipment, or any other damages suffered by the Expert in connection with the Service.
The Company shall provide the Expert with consultation cases, information on questions and other information necessary for the provision of knowledge and the terms and conditions for the provision of knowledge by e-mail, online form or other electromagnetic record, and the Expert agrees thereto in advance.
9. Although we make appropriate efforts to operate the Service, we do not guarantee that the Service and the Site are free of computer viruses or other harmful content.

XV.	Expert Liability for Compensation and Other Liabilities
1. The Expert shall indemnify the Company for any damages (including reasonable attorneys' fees) for any violation of these Terms and Conditions or for any damage caused to the Company in connection with his/her registration, provision of knowledge or other acts in the Service.
2. If an Expert receives any claim from or has any dispute with a Client, another Expert or any other third party in relation to the Service, the Expert shall immediately notify the Company of the details of such claim or dispute and handle such claim or dispute at the Expert's expense and responsibility and report the progress and results thereof to the Company upon the Company's request. The Expert shall, at the Expert's expense and responsibility, handle such claim or dispute and report the progress and results thereof to the Company upon the Company's request.
If the Company receives any claim from the Client, other Experts or any other third party due to infringement of rights or any other reason in connection with the provision of knowledge by the Expert or any other act by the Expert in the Service, the Expert shall indemnify the Company for any amount of money (including reasonable legal fees) that the Company is obliged to pay to such third party based on such claim. The Expert shall indemnify the Company for any amount (including attorney's fees within a reasonable range) that the Company is forced to pay to such third party based on such claim.

XVI.	Attribution of Right Attribution
1. All intellectual property rights and copyrights of all contents related to this service shall belong to the legal right holders, such as our company or content providers, unless otherwise stated.
The Expert grants us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works from, display, publish, adapt, make transmittable, etc., all copyrights in and to all information provided in connection with the Services and the Knowledge Transfer Transactions, for any purpose. The Expert grants to the Company a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works from, display, publish, adapt, make transmittable, etc., such information. The Expert shall not exercise any moral rights with respect to such information.
3. All information on the Service may not be used or diverted by anyone other than the Company without the Company's permission.
4. The copyright of the deliverables provided by the Expert based on the request or instruction of the Client or the Company in connection with the Knowledge Provision Transaction shall belong to the Client who made such request or instruction or the Company, unless otherwise agreed in writing between the parties. The Expert shall not exercise any moral rights with respect to such deliverables.
5.Notwithstanding the provisions of the preceding paragraph, the copyright of any work created by the Expert himself/herself at the request or instruction of the Client and provided to the Client at the time of the Knowledge Provision Transaction shall belong to the Expert. However, unless otherwise agreed in writing (including by electromagnetic means) between the parties, the Expert shall not grant to the Client, the Company or any third party designated by them any worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable use of such works for any purpose whatsoever without paying any additional royalty fee to the Expert, except for the use of such works by the Client, the Company or any third party designated by the Client. The Expert grants to the Client, the Company or any third party designated by the Company, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, create derivative works from, display, publish, adapt, make transmittable and otherwise exploit the Work for any purpose whatsoever without additional royalties to the Expert. The Expert shall not exercise any moral rights with respect to such works.
6. The Expert confirms that the Client's or the Company's use of the information does not infringe the rights of any third party and can be used without any additional royalties to the Expert or any third party. We will
The Expert agrees that the Client or the Company shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques provided by the Expert at the time of the Knowledge Transfer Transaction for any and all other purposes, including new inventions, improvements, production, sales, etc., by the Client, the Company or any third party designated by the Client or the Company without compensation. The Client agrees that any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques provided by the Client, the Company or any third party designated by the Client or the Company may be used freely and without compensation for any other purpose, including new inventions, improvements, production, sales, etc.
8. The Client or the Company may record and transcribe the contents of the knowledge provision transaction, unless the Expert expressly refuses to do so, and such record or transcription shall be the property of the Client or the Company.

XVII.	Transfer of this service
In the event that the Company transfers the business of the Service to a third party, the Company may transfer to such third party the position of the operator of the Service, the position under the Terms and Conditions, rights and obligations under the Terms and Conditions, registration information and other information, and Expert agrees in advance to such transfer by agreeing to the Terms and Conditions. Expert agrees in advance to such transfer by agreeing to these Terms and Conditions. The transfer of business as set forth in this Article shall include not only ordinary business transfers, but also corporate divestitures and any other cases in which business is transferred.

XVIII.	Governing Law and Jurisdictional Agreement
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Japan, and any and all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Tokyo District Court as the court of first instance.

[Established January 1, 2023]
